Review first set of additions (#274)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/data/user_access.rst

    $ irods-setup | bash

- If you want to connect from any login nodes of other universities' HPC cluster, you should execute:

::

    $ ssh login.hpc.kuleuven.be irods-setup | bash

These commands will activate a temporary token for a period of 7 days. After the 7 days have passed you will need to reactivate your access by re-executing one of these commands again.

> The Tier-1 Data service has a web accessible endpoint: https://irods.hpc.kuleuven.be/. This allows to browse your collections and the public ones.

Reviewer: Better not to use the word endpoint to not mix with the Globus endpoints that has a total different meaning

```suggestion
The Tier-1 Data service has a web (GUI) client: https://irods.hpc.kuleuven.be/. This allows to browse your collections and the public ones.
```

Author: @jefscheepers @ingridbr I propose to call this "landing page"; platform, nexus or hub are also alternatives? As in itself it's not a client. What was this called initially, as created by Peter? It's not just about the primitive browser included there, but an entrypoint to the different services. "This allows to browse your collections and the public ones."-> "This provides the entrypoint to start working with iCommands, the Python iRODS client, Metalnx and the WebDAV client."

Reviewer 2: It was mostly called 'the Go Portal' internally (because it was written in Go). Personally, I like the sound of 'landing page'. That way, it doesn't sound like it's a place you can do literally everything.

It is also possible to launch iCommands directly from your local Linux (either native or via a VM or the Windows Subsystem for Linux) computer against the Tier-1 iRODS zone. For this you need to install iCommands and execute the snippet under 'iCommands Client on Linux' from the endpoint.

Once logged in iRODS users will have access to the following iRODS collections:

- Your personal area: /kuleuven_tier1_pilot/home/vscXXXXX (where XXXXX is the number of your vsc-account). This are is by default only visible by your user.

- Your group area: /kuleuven_tier1_pilot/home/lt1_projectcode. The area is shared and visible by all the members of your group.

> - The public area: /kuleuven_tier1_pilot/home/public. This is an area accessible by everyone in the system.  I could be even accessed by anonymous users from external sources if this is configured. You should not copy on this area any confidential or private data.

Author: "You should not copy on this area any confidential or private data"->"Usage of this area is discouraged, and the group directory under home should be used for shared storage."

> - The public area: /kuleuven_tier1_pilot/home/public. This is an area accessible by everyone in the system.  I could be even accessed by anonymous users from external sources if this is configured. You should not copy on this area any confidential or private data.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good. Maybe call it 'your group directory', since there will be multiple groups.
